Add snapshotType, expirationDatetime to snapshot entity (#20075)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/cloudpcsnapshot.md

|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time at which the snapshot was taken. The timestamp is shown in ISO 8601 format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`.|
|id|String|The unique identifier for the snapshot of the Cloud PC device at a specific point in time. Inherited from [entity](../resources/entity.md).|
|lastRestoredDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time at which the snapshot was last used to restore the Cloud PC device. The timestamp is shown in ISO 8601 format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`.|

> |snapshotType| [cloudPcSnapshotType](#cloudpcsnapshottype-values)   | The type of snapshot, Indicates how the snapshot to be created. Possible values are `automatic`, `manual`. Default value is `automatic`.|

Reviewer: ```The type of snapshot, Indicates how the snapshot to be created.```
```The type of snapshot, **i**ndicates how the snapshot to be created.```

|status|[cloudPcSnapshotStatus](#cloudpcsnapshotstatus-values)|The status of the Cloud PC snapshot. The possible values are: `ready`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
|expirationDateTime|DateTimeOffset| The date and time when the snapshot expires. The time is shown in ISO 8601 format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 appears as'2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'.|

### cloudPcSnapshotStatus values

|Member|Description|
|:---|:---|
|ready|The snapshot is ready to restore the Cloud PC device.|
|unknownFutureValue|Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.|

### cloudPcSnapshotType values

Indicates the type of Cloud PC snapshot.

> | Member name          | Value | Description                                           |

Reviewer: No need for value column. Could you help remove?

|id|String|The unique identifier for the snapshot of the Cloud PC device at a specific point in time. Inherited from [entity](../resources/entity.md).|
|lastRestoredDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time at which the snapshot was last used to restore the Cloud PC device. The timestamp is shown in ISO 8601 format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`.|
|status|[cloudPcSnapshotStatus](#cloudpcsnapshotstatus-values)|The status of the Cloud PC snapshot. The possible values are: `ready`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

> |snapshotType| [cloudPcSnapshotType](#cloudpcsnapshottype-values)   | The type of snapshot, Indicates how the snapshot be created. Possible values are `automatic`, `manual`. Default value is automatic.|

Reviewer 2: We list the properties in the Properties table in alphabetical order. Please make sure that these properties are alphabetized. Also, there are some typos in the description. Please revise as:

The type of snapshot to be created. Possible values are `automatic`, `manual`. Default value is `automatic`.

Reviewer 3: Thank you Lauragra for your valuable suggestions!

Updated it per your suggestions, would you like to help review it again?
Thanks!

> |snapshotType| [cloudPcSnapshotType](#cloudpcsnapshottype-values)   | The type of snapshot, Indicates how is the snapshot be created. Possible value is `automatic` and `manual`. Default value is automatic.|

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
|snapshotType| [cloudPcSnapshotType](#cloudpcsnapshottype-values)   | The type of snapshot. Indicates how the snapshot can be created. Possible value are `automatic`, `manual`. Default value is automatic.|
```

Reviewer 3: fixed.

|ready|The snapshot is ready to restore the Cloud PC device.|
|unknownFutureValue|Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.|

### cloudPcSnapshotType values

> Describe the type of cloud pc snapshot.

Reviewer 2: Do we need this introductory sentence? If so, let's match the description in the properties table, i.e. "Indicates the type of Cloud PC snapshot." Note that Cloud PC is capitalized.

Reviewer 3: Resolved. @Lauragra , could you help to review it again? thanks.

| Member name          | Value | Description                                           |
| -------------------- | ----- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| `automatic`          | `0`   | Indicates snapshot is created automaticaly.           |
| `manual`             | `1`   | Indicates snapshot is created manually.               |

> | `unknownFutureValue` | `2`   | Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use..    |

Reviewer 2: Please remove the extra period here.
